新增 主菜单栏文档和工具栏文档，修改 graphics 组件文档 (#1782)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/ui-system/components/editor/graphics/arc.md

| Parameter | Description |
| :-------------- | :----------- |
| **x** | The x coordinate of the center control point. |
| **y** | The y coordinate of the center control point. |
| **r** |Arc radian. |
| **startAngle** | Start radian, measured clockwise from positive x axis. |
| **endAngle** | End radian, measured clockwise from positive x axis. |

> | **counterclockwise** | If true, draw counterclockwise between the two angles. Clockwise by default. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **counterclockwise** | Determines the drawing direction.<br>**Clockwise** when set to `False` (default).
**Counterclockwise** when set to `true`. |
```
